        A beautifully presented luxury home set within landscaped gardens.

          This rarely available, luxury family home is positioned within the exclusive Coulter’s Brae development which is formed of a small number of luxurious detached family homes. Built by Stewart Milne circa 2019, the subjects are beautifully presented and equipped to high standards throughout providing a fantastic opportunity to the local marketplace.

          The ground floor accommodation extends to; bright formal living room to front, impressive open plan dining kitchen with a range of modern units, Quartz worktops and complimentary splash back, integrated appliances, feature floor tiling, and spacious rear facing formal lounge with feature doors overlooking gardens, useful pantry off. The ground floor is completed by a front facing double bedroom / home office and WC adjacent. Upstairs a bright and spacious landing gives access to principal bedroom with luxurious en-suite shower room and stylish walk-in wardrobe, generous second double bedroom with contemporary en-suite shower room and fitted wardrobes, four further good double bedrooms and a stylish family bathroom. Additional cupboard space. Specification includes gas central heating, double glazing, upgraded flooring throughout, coordinated window coverings and overall, the subjects are well presented and decorated throughput with neutral tones.

          Externally the property is set within substantial gardens which are mainly laid to lawn with level lawn and patio area which is fully enclosed and highly private. Additional grounds to the front with large driveway providing ample parking leading to integral double garage.

          Local Area
          Carmunnock is a charming conservation village enjoying a tranquil setting on the outskirts of the Southside of Glasgow and close to East Kilbride. The proximity to Cathkin Braes Country Park is particularly advantageous with activities such as walking, cycling, and mountain biking available along with scenic views over the city. The village itself is well served by a highly regarded primary school and local amenities include a post office, grocery shop, coffee shop and a popular restaurant. The village is well connected to Glasgow city centre via public transport and road links and is easy accessed to East Kilbride Shopping Centre. The M77 and M8 motorways are easily accessible allowing the commuter access to Scotland’s central belt and beyond. Local sports and recreational facilities are prevalent, namely local golf courses such as Cathkin Braes Golf Club and further walking and cycling routes.